hi this is Jayden from steamy kitchen
calm by request I am gonna teach you how
to make cheater pata pata is one of the
most popular noodle dishes and Thai
cuisine it is so easy to make with a
cheater sauce but it is so easy to get
wrong so I'm going to show you in this
video some of the tips to make sure that
you can make perfect pot time authentic
pot Thai sauce from scratch requires
tamarind paste which is really hard to
find in regular grocery stores so I'm
going to teach you how to make really
good tasting pot thai from pre-made jar
pad thai sauce we're making shrimp pot
ties so I've got shrimp here I also have
an egg scramble the egg in a small bowl
and then I've got lots of garlic now
this is my vegetables I've got snow peas
and bean sprouts and this my friends is
the magical pot Thai sauce dried rice
noodles I found these at my regular
grocery store as well we're using dried
rice noodle and first thing you have to
do is soak the dried rice noodle in hot
water just squish it all in there and
make sure all the noodles are submerged
I put a bowl on top of it just to keep
popping noodles in the water ok for the
snow peas I want you to cut them
diagonally lengthwise so they look just
like this so after soaking the rice
noodles for 10 minutes they should look
like this softer there's still a little
hard but they are ready to be drained
and we're gonna get ready to do the
stir-fried heat a wok are the largest
pan you have and go ahead and heat it up
until very hot and we're gonna cook the
shrimp you want to cook the shrimp on
both sides just about halfway so a
minute on each side is good you don't
want to fully cook the shrimp we're
gonna add the shrimp back into the pot a
little later but stir frying them
halfway does something very important if
one and make sure you get a nice sear on
the outside and number two make sure you
don't overcook the shrimp after you take
your shrimp out you're halfway cook
shrimp you're going to just leave your
pot on and add in your egg and your you
just scramble the eggs until the eggs
are just set again you don't want to
over cook the eggs either so go ahead
and put those in the same Bowl as the
shrimp and now we're gonna add some
garlic I turn down my heat just a bit
because I'm adding garlic I don't want
to burn the garlic adding my vegetables
give it a good stir fry for just about
30 seconds or so once you start smelling
the garlic time to add in the pot I
sauce and now it's time to add in your
drained rice noodles that have been
soaking just add everything to it use
tongs it makes it so much easier pick
everything up move it around you want
the sauce and all the vegetables to
distribute well and guess what it's time
to add back in the half cook shrimp and
the egg give everything a good toss with
your tongs that empty jar of pot Thai
sauce well I added a bit of hot water to
that or just water shook it around
because I want every single bit of that
sauce I'm just gonna add that back in
let that cook for a couple minutes and
that's it you are done I top it off with
some chopped peanuts that's some fresh
cilantro on that serve it with a wedge
of lime if people like to have just a
little more tang to the dish but you are
ready to serve that was less than 10
minutes of cooking time super easy to
make and make sure you number one soak
your rice noodles in hot water and
that'll help you prevent overcooking of
the rice noddles later and to make sure
you cook your shrimp first and take them
out when they're just halfway cook and
that will help you make sure that your
shrimp are perfectly cooked if you have
any questions at all and to see the full
recipe head over to steamy kitchen comm
slash 171
my cookbook steamy kitchens healthy
Asian favorites is available at all
bookstores including amazon.com